chore(docs): add uds-package quickstart (#363)
defenseunicorns/uds-common: docs/uds-packages/README.md

# Quick Start - UDS Packages

This Quick Start is intended to provide the most concise and direct path to creating a Bronze UDS package.

> [!TIP]
> **Why?**
> Defense Unicorns is focused on making software conveniently available to the warfighter. _wherever the mission may take them_.
>
> Creating a UDS package makes that piece of software compatible and available in the UDS ecosystem.

<p align="center">
    <img align="top" src=".images/boromir.png" alt="alt text" width="200">
    <img src=".images/wat-no-not-that-wat.png" alt="alt text" width="200">
</p>

> 1. `git clone https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-package-template.git` then find and replace template variables

Reviewer: Probably worth mentioning to `rm -rf .git/` and to `git init` to get rid of the template history as I didn't do that for my first couple of packages

Nit: Might also be worth mentioning `git clone https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-package-template.git uds-package-<package name>` so that it automatically goes into a directory to match the package repo name and keep organized

> 1. `git clone https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-package-template.git` then find and replace template variables

Author: ```suggestion
1. `git clone https://github.com/defenseunicorns/uds-package-template.git uds-package-<name>` then find and replace template variables
    1. `rm -rf .git/ && git init`
```

2. `zarf dev generate -h` to generate a `zarf.yaml` file from a helm chart

>    1. Replace the `common/zarf.yaml` with the generated

Author: ```suggestion
   1. Update the `common/zarf.yaml` with the generated component in zarf.yaml, be sure to retain the component-config reference.
```
